# Student-management-System-Django-project-
This is the Django project for Student Management system.

Admin-This is the admin pannel for principle or System Controller..This is not the Django Admin pannel.
admin can access admin pannel by login through login form on home page
1. Sign up for students is done here.
2. Sign up for teachers is done here.
3. Just like our collage..teacher and student authentication credentials are provided collage.(which are generated by admin).
4. Any notifications for students, teachers and parents are generated here by admin.(This notifs are shown to students, teachers and parents are there login).

Teacher -This is the pannel for teachers. Teacher can access teacher pannel by login through login form on home page.
1. Teacher can see all year students and sort them according to there year.
2. Teacher can delete any student from database.
3. Teacher can update students attendance for particular subject.
4. Teacher can see notifs at top notified by Admin.

Student -This is the pannel for student. Student can access student pannel by login through login form on home page.
1. Student can view his details and attendance.
2. Student can update his details
4. Student can see notifs at top notified by Admin.

Parents - This is the pannel for parents. parents can access parents pannel by login through login form on home page using student PRN number and his date of birth.

1. parents can see his son info and attendance in parent pannel.
2. Parent can see notifs at top notified by Admin.
3. can submit feedback.

Anyone visits site can submit feedback for collage.


